424b5 1 fngr_424b5.htm 424b5 prospectus supplement (to prospectus dated september 29, 2023) filed pursuant to rule 424(b)(5) registration no. 333-274456 fingermotion, inc. up to $50,000,000 of shares of common stock fingermotion, inc. (which we refer to as “ fingermotion ,” the “ company ,” “ we ” or “ us ”) has entered into an at-the-market issuance sales agreement (the “ sales agreement ”) with r.f. lafferty & co., inc. (the “ sales agent ”), relating to shares of our common stock, par value $0.0001 per share, offered pursuant to this prospectus supplement and the accompanying base prospectus (together, the “ prospectus ”). in accordance with the terms of the sales agreement, we may offer and sell shares of our common stock having an aggregate offering price of up to $50,000,000 from time to time through the sales agent. our shares of common stock are traded on the nasdaq capital market (“ nasdaq ”) under the symbol “fngr.” on october 21, 2025, the closing price of our shares of common stock on the nasdaq was $1.54 per share of common stock. sales of our common stock, if any, under this prospectus may be made in sales deemed to be “at-the-market” equity offerings as defined in rule 415 promulgated under the securities act of 1933, as amended (the “ securities act ”), including sales made directly on or through nasdaq, the existing trading market for our common stock, sales made to or through a market maker other than on an exchange or otherwise, directly to the sales agent as principal, in negotiated transactions at market prices prevailing at the time of sale or at prices related to such prevailing market prices, and/or in any other method permitted by law. if we and the sales agent agree on any method of distribution other than sales of shares of our common stock into the nasdaq or another existing trading market in the united states at market prices, we will file a further prospectus supplement providing all information about such offering as required by rule 424(b) under the securities act. the sales agent will act as sales agent on a commercially reasonable efforts basis consistent with its normal trading and sales practices. there is no arrangement for funds to be received in any escrow, trust or similar arrangement. the sales agent will be entitled to a placement fee of 2.5% of the gross sales price per share sold. in connection with the sale of our shares of common stock on our behalf, the sales agent will be deemed to be an “underwriter” within the meaning of the securities act and the compensation of the sales agent will be deemed to be underwriting commissions or discounts. investing in our securities involves risks. before buying any of our securities, you should read the discussion of material risks of investing in our securities in the “risk factors” section beginning on page s-12 of this prospectus supplement and the “risk factors” section beginning on page 16 of the accompanying base prospectus and in the documents incorporated by reference herein and therein, including the “risk factors” section of our quarterly report on form 10-q for the period ended august 31, 2025. neither the united states securities exchange commission nor any state securities commission has approved or disapproved of these securities or passed upon the adequacy or accuracy of this prospectus supplement or the accompanying base prospectus. any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense. r.f. lafferty & co., inc. the date of this prospectus supplement is october 23, 2025 table of contents
