424b5 1 form424b5.htm 424b5 filed pursuant to rule 424(b)(5) registration no. 333-284054 prospectus supplement (to prospectus dated december 26, 2024) up to $60,000,000 common stock inno holdings inc. inno holdings inc. (the “ company ” or “ we ” or “ our ” or “ us ”) has entered into an “at the market” sales agreement (the “ sales agreement ”), dated may 15, 2026, with aegis capital corp. (the “ sales agent ”), acting in its capacity as a sales agent, relating to the offer and sale of shares of the company's common stock, no par value (“ common stock ”), offered from time to time pursuant to this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus, to or through the sales agent as agent or principal. in accordance with the terms of the sales agreement, we may offer and sell shares of our common stock having an aggregate offering price of up to $60,000,000 from time to time through the sales agent, representing the maximum offering amount under the sales agreement. we are a holding company incorporated in the state of texas with no material operations of our own and not a hong kong operating company. our operations are currently conducted in hong kong through our wholly owned hong kong subsidiaries. under this holding company structure, investors in our common stock are purchasing equity interests in the texas holding company. this holding company structure involves unique risks to investors and investors may never hold equity interests directly in our hong kong operating subsidiaries. prc regulatory authorities could disallow our structure which, in turn, would likely result in a material change in our operations or the value of our securities. in such an event, the value of our common stock you invest in could significantly decline or become worthless. we may also be subject to penalties and sanctions imposed by the prc regulatory agencies, including the chinese securities regulatory commission (the “csrc”), if we fail to comply with such rules and regulations, which would likely adversely affect the ability of the company's securities to continue to trade on nasdaq, which would likely cause the value of our securities to significantly decline or become worthless. our holding company corporate structure and the fact that our operations are all conducted through our hong kong operating subsidiaries subject investors to legal and operational risks associated with us being based in hong kong. hong kong's legal and regulatory framework, including its evolving relationship with the prc government as a special administrative region of the prc, may result in changes to laws, regulations or policies that could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. the prc government may intervene or influence our operations at any time, or may exert more control over offerings conducted overseas and/or foreign investment in china-based issuers, which could result in a material change in our operations, financial condition and results of operations and/or the value of our securities. any such actions by the prc government could significantly limit or completely hinder our ability to offer or continue to offer securities to investors and could cause the value of such securities to significantly decline or become worthless. for a detailed description of the risks, uncertainties and challenges associated with our operations in hong kong, see “ risk factors—risks related to our operations in hong kong ” in this prospectus supplement. sales of our common stock, if any, under this prospectus supplement will be made by any method that is deemed to be an “at the market offering” as defined in rule 415(a)(4) under the securities act of 1933, as amended, or the securities act. the sales agent is not required to sell any specific amount of securities, but will act as our sales agent using commercially reasonable efforts consistent with its normal trading and sales practices, on mutually agreed terms between the sales agent and us. there is no arrangement for funds to be received in any escrow, trust or similar arrangement. the sales agent will be entitled to compensation at a fixed commission rate of three percent (3.0%) of the gross proceeds from the sale of our common stock on our behalf pursuant to the sales agreement. in connection with the sale of the common stock on our behalf, the sales agent will be deemed to be “underwriters” within the meaning of the securities act, and the compensation of the sales agent will be deemed to be underwriting commissions or discounts. we have agreed to provide indemnification and contribution to the sales agent against certain civil liabilities, including liabilities under the securities act or the securities exchange act of 1934, as amended, or the exchange act. see “ plan of distribution ” beginning on page s-30 of this prospectus supplement for more information. the company is authorized to issue 1,000,000,000 shares of capital stock, all of which are designated as common stock. as of the date of this prospectus supplement, 4,520,698 shares of common stock were issued and outstanding. our common stock is traded on the nasdaq capital market (“ nasdaq ”) under the symbol “inhd.” the closing price of our common stock on may 14, 2026, as reported by nasdaq, was $1.46 per share. as of december 15, 2025, the date we filed our latest annual report on form 10-k for the fiscal year ended september 30, 2025, the aggregate market value of our outstanding common stock held by non-affiliates was approximately $117,296,550, which we calculated based on 97,948,480 outstanding shares of common stock on a pre-reverse split basis as of december 15, 2025, of which 97,747,125 shares were held by non-affiliates, and a price per share of $1.2 as of october 20, 2025, which is a date within the previous 60 days of december 15, 2025. we are therefore currently not subject to the limitations under general instruction i.b.6. of form s-3. as of the date of this prospectus supplement, we have offered an aggregate of approximately $50,872,727 of securities pursuant to our registration statement on form s-3 (file no. 333-284054) filed with the u.s. securities and exchange commission (“sec”) on december 26, 2024 and declared effective by the sec on january 10, 2025, including: (i) $529,000 of shares pursuant to a prospectus supplement filed on june 4, 2025; (ii) $1,200,000 of shares pursuant to a prospectus supplement filed on june 17, 2025; (iii) $1,536,000 of shares pursuant to a prospectus supplement filed on august 26, 2025; (iv) $7,200,000 of securities (comprising shares of common stock and pre-funded warrants that have all been exercised as of the date of this prospectus supplement) pursuant to a prospectus supplement filed on september 11, 2025; (v) approximately $39,675,127 of shares pursuant to a prospectus supplement filed on november 13, 2025; and (vi) $732,600 of shares pursuant to a prospectus supplement filed on january 20, 2026. we intend to use the proceeds from this offering for general corporate purposes, including working capital, daily operations and business expansions. see “ use of proceeds .” investing in our securities involves a high degree of risk. see “ risk factors ” beginning on page s-9 of this prospectus supplement for a discussion of information that should be considered in connection with an investment in our securities. neither the sec nor any state securities commission has approved or disapproved of these securities or determined if this prospectus supplement is truthful or complete. any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense. we are an “emerging growth company” and a “smaller reporting company” as defined in the jumpstart our business startups act of 2012, and have elected to comply with certain reduced public company reporting requirements. none of the united states securities and exchange commission, any state securities commission or any other regulatory body, has approved or disapproved of these securities or passed upon the adequacy or accuracy of this prospectus supplement or the accompanying prospectus. any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense. aegis capital corp. the date of this prospectus supplement is may 15, 2026 table of contents [...] ber 12, 2025, we entered into a sales agreement (the “ previous atm sales agreement ”) with aegis capital corp. (the “ atm sales agent ”), pursuant to which the company may offer and sell, from time to time, to or through the atm sales agent, shares of the company's common stock, with no par value, having an aggregate offering price of up to $50.0 million (the “ previous atm offering ”). the previous atm offering was made pursuant to a prospectus supplement dated november 13, 2025, filed with the sec pursuant to rule 424(b)(5) promulgated under the se
